# Langchain-for-LLM-Application-Development-
[Langchain](https://www.langchain.com/) is a trusted open source framework for building LLM applications. This repo focuses on calling LLMs, providing prompts and parsing responses; memories to store conversations and manage limited context space; creating sequences of operations; question-answering over documents; and LLMs as reasoning agents. It comprises two packages written in Python and Javascript (Typescript) focused on composition and modularity.

The repo is drawn from the files downloaded from the following [Course site]([https://www.deeplearning.ai/courses/langchain?_gl=1*1ch7uoc*_gcl_au*MjMyODQwMjEzLjE3ODQ4MDgyODg.*_ga*OTMxMDk1NC4xNzg0NTUwNzMx*_ga_FR2MZ1VLMS*czE3ODQ4MTIxMDAkbzQkZzEkdDE3ODQ4MTMxNTgkajI5JGwwJGgw])

## Project Overview
### 1) Model, Prompts and Parsers:
Calling LLMs, providing prompts and parsing the response.
#### 2) Memories for LLMs:
Memories to store conversations and manage limited context space.
#### 3) Chains: 
Creating sequences of operations
#### 4) Questions Answering over Documents
Apply LLMs to your proprietary data and use case requirements
#### 5) Agents
Explore the powerful emerging development of LLMs as reasoning agents.


Project Organization
------------

    ├── LICENSE
    ├── Makefile           <- Makefile with commands like `make data` or `make train`
    ├── README.md          <- The top-level README for developers using this project
    ├── docs               <- pertinent documents
    │
    ├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks. Naming convention is a number (for ordering),
    │                         the creator's initials, and a short `-` delimited description, e.g.
    │                         `L1-Model_prompt_parser.ipynb`.
    │
    ├── references         <- Data dictionaries, manuals, and all other explanatory materials
    ├── requirements.txt   <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment, e.g.
    │                         generated with `pip freeze > requirements.txt`
    │
    ├── setup.py           <- makes project pip installable (pip install -e .) so src can be imported
    ├── src                <- Source code for use in this project.
    ├── pdm.lock           <- file generated by the pdm
    ├── pyproject.toml     <- The requirements Python package and dependency manager following PEP standards.
    └── tox.ini            <- tox file with settings for running tox; see tox.readthedocs.io



